DOCS-3795: Direct custom module questions (#4157)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/get-started/other-hardware/_index.md

You can keep the module private or share it with your organization or the public.
You can use built-in tools to manage versioning and deployment to machines as you iterate on your module.

{{% hiddencontent %}}

> If you want to create a "custom module", this is the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create a "custom module", this page provides instructions for creating one in Python and Go.
```

> If you want to create a "custom module", this is the the page.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to create a "custom module", this is the page.
```
